im thinking in the peering stuff. 
say i give portal (tenant) to a provider in a different country.. 
they give same in return but i need to have setting to set a route
system to allow there clients to route via there routes and still
have all other from my clients routing via default routes
  
yes think it work well when sharing routes like untimmed calls etc


IN PROGRESS

oh and can you please post a reply to my posting saying the installation team donation 
system is approved and all installations should use this service

I have changed the pricing system compleetly
I have a programmer making the web interface now. It will be ready in a weeks time
we use what we call ccn - Charge Code Number

The idea is to have the dialing pattern compleetly seperated from the price list and rateplan
ok you know what would be good
it is a bit complex with 5 tables
but it is very good
to have route available per tenant..
as maintaining price lists are so much easeri
so you can set route per tenant
The route is when we dial out. This is just for the call cost.
I have not implemented it in the dialing route yet.
but it makes it very easy to have a price list for each tenant and you dont need to maintain all the dialing patterns for each price list
im thinking in the peering stuff. say i give portal (tenant) to a provider in a different country.. they give same in return but i need to have setting to set a route system to allow there clients to route via there routes and still have all other from my clients routing via default routes
That is a good point
yes think it work well when sharing routes like untimmed calls etc
I think so
The consept of the CCN numbers is taken from one of the largest telecoms in Scandinavia. It is very efficient.
You only have to maintain the dial/price patterns for all the countries in one table.
thats sound sbetter
all your prices and rateplans will be independent
yes i think thats a better way to manage things
in away what we have has rateplan and pricelist seperate
Dialing patterns hardly changes and if they change it is for all the rateplans
true


we also need to address failovers for when a carrier returns congested


Add reporttitle to report table astreport
